# EssayWrite
If your college or university requires an essay for graduation, then a good essay writing guide should help you through it. This guide comes with seven different steps which will make the entire process of essay writing test easier. But you have to be careful and deliberate with this guide to become an essay expert in Australia. So take a look at this Essay Writing Guide and find out what steps you should follow to become an essay expert.  The first step of the essay writing advice is to become an expert on your chosen topic by checking out and researching on credible sources. This means that you should cite your references and use correct grammar and spelling. Besides this, it also means that you should use interesting and credible sources that are widely available.  The second step of the essay writing advice is to check out your writing skills and be honest about it. You should start writing from the first sentence and try to make your essay as short as possible. Essay Writing guides recommend writing an essay from the first paragraph and making the first draft of the essay to be around 500 words. On the other hand, it may also be longer if you find the topic challenging and the information you want to present are quite long. In any case, the Essay Writing Guide has some excellent tips for you on how to write an essay properly.  The third step of the essay writing guide is to research on the topic or question you have chosen to write on. It is important to know everything about the topic or question you choose to write on so that you can become an expert on that particular topic. However, before you do this, it is important that you do not spend too much time on researching things because it may turn out to be a waste of time. Instead, it is advisable to read as much as you can about the topic or question you intend to write on. This way you will be able to get to the essence of the matter and at the same time be able to understand the questions and concerns that people have in mind.  The fourth step is to summarize your ideas. Essay Writing guides suggest that in order to summarize what you have discussed in the first paragraph of your essay, you should use the key words in your essay. For example, if you have discussed the topic of how animals feel, then you should use the word "feel" in your conclusion. Of course, this does not mean that you should copy pasted sentences from other sources. Rather, it is a good idea to put the keywords in your own words in your conclusion.  The fifth step is to organize your points and statements into different paragraphs. In a well written essay, it is important that the different paragraphs follow a proper essay structure. A common essay structure is to break the paragraphs into two consequent paragraphs - one at the beginning of the essay and one at the end. Note that it is not necessary that you follow this format for each and every paragraph. You may decide to re-form the paragraphs as required. However, make sure that the basic format of two paragraphs at the beginning and one paragraph at the end is followed consistently.
